Update kubernetes/steering links to use 'main' branch (#716)
kubernetes/contributor-site: content/en/blog/2023/2023-10-02-steering-committee-results-2023.md

The [2023 Steering Committee Election](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/events/elections/2023) is now complete. The Kubernetes Steering Committee consists of 7 seats, 4 of which were up for election in 2023. Incoming committee members serve a term of 2 years, and all members are elected by the Kubernetes Community.

> This community body is significant since it oversees the governance of the entire Kubernetes project. With that great power comes great responsibility. You can learn more about the steering committee’s role in their [charter](https://github.com/kubernetes/steering/blob/main/master/charter.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This community body is significant since it oversees the governance of the entire Kubernetes project. With that great power comes great responsibility. You can learn more about the steering committee’s role in their [charter](https://git.k8s.io/steering/charter.md).
```
